c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\obj\Debug\CRUD_Axado.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\CRUD_Axado.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\CRUD_Axado.pdb
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\Helpers.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\Helpers.pdb
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\obj\Debug\CRUD_Axado.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\obj\Debug\CRUD_Axado.pdb
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\Aplicacao.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\Dominio.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\Repositorio.dll
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\Aplicacao.pdb
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\Dominio.pdb
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\Repositorio.pdb
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\obj\Debug\CRUD_Axado.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\leonetosoft\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\obj\Debug\CRUD_Axado.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\leonetosoft\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CRUD_Axado\CRUD_Axado\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
